=-=-=-=-=-=-BEGIN=-=-=-=-=-=-=
The current file is: Game/Server.cpp
ai-ai localhost 5150 breakthrough easy easy ok come o  is not a valid column letter
ok f7 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok b7 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g7 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d7 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok a8 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok b7 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok e7 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d6 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g8 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g6 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok f5 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g7 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok c7 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g6 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h6 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok a6 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok a7 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h7 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h6 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g5 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok f6 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g5 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h8 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok e5 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok b5 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h5 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok c6 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok f8 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g4 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d8 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok c7 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok c8 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok b8 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok f4 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok c6 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok a7 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d5 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g7 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d4 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h4 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok e7 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok h3 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d6 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok a4 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok f5 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok g4 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok e8 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok d5 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok b5 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok c4 fwd Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok e3 right Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok e4 fwd t Move had incorrect amount of arguments
ok b3 left Move had incorrect amount of arguments
; White is the winner!

; White is the winner!

